Buddha Amitabhagi then three groups of the 108 teachings of the Tantal Teachings. So firstly is
Buddha Amitabhagi, the teachings on how to practice the Murugama Samva according to the Dhamakaya
Buddha, there is 108 Tantalas.
And how to practice the five comprehensive essays and the Sambhagaya, and there is 108 Tantra
teachings that will be.
And then how to practice the accordance of Dhamakaya in the Narmagaya level, it will be 108 Tantal
Teachings.
And then right after that you can see the three groups of the 110 teachings of Dhamakaya, Sambhag
aya, and the Dhamakaya teachings.
The Dhamakaya teachings that he converts the teachings, be it the teachings, known as the condensed
Raujandra of the teachings, known as the heap of lord's petal Tantra teachings.
And then he give more details that relate to the body, the Tantra, the crystal mountain Tantra.
And the relative with the sweet Tantra, he give the teaching known as the precious Tantal song that
is connected to the speech.
And then the spacious, vastness spacious as the sky Tantra that relate to the mind teaching.
And then the tantra, the central columns of the doctrine or the Tantra teachings that relate to the
qualify Tantra or qualify the Tantra.
And then the sharp red blade of the red blade Tantra that which he connected to the action or Tant
ra that he connected to the action.
And then that kind of like droning the negative forces, central or the essence of droning or the
kind of like spelling, destroying the negative, the heart essence.
Tantra that which he is particularly connected to that has a wrathful emanation, wrathful emanation
of Guru Guru Moo.
And so all together seven Tantra that which is connected, more kind of condensed, seven Tantra
teaching.
That the Buddha Amitabha give that teaching and our lokini shora gathered, all non-scripted or
gathered, gathered that teaching.
And then after all our lokini shora gathered and bounced from that teaching or called that teaching
.
And that moment he headed all that to the sikrulavastham Rakini, Samadhi.
And then the sikrulavastham Rakini to Samadhi brought that to this universe or to the southern
continent.
And he hid in the cave of the Marathaka which is again the southwest generation of the robot.
Not so old that he is also an introvert.
And which is mainly the southwest is connected to all kinds of maggots from the budgah.
From that point, not just only these five groups,
the five groups of the conference are emanated in the Dehavati, northern southwest direction.
From that point on, then emanations of the hundred million thordants, or millions and millions of
thordants of the emanation of Guru Moo,
emanated all the millions and millions of the universe or the universe or the number.